ProductReviewID	ProductID	ReviewerName	ReviewDate	EmailAddress	Rating	Comments
1	709	John Smith	10/20/2007 0:00	john@fourthcoffee.com	5	"I can't believe I'm singing the praises of a pair of socks, but I just came back from a grueling 3-day ride and these socks really helped make the trip a blast. They're lightweight yet really cushioned my feet all day. The reinforced toe is nearly bullet-proof and I didn't experience any problems with rubbing or blisters like I have with other brands. I know it sounds silly, but it's always the little stuff (like comfortable feet) that makes or breaks a long trip. I won't go on another trip without them!"
2	937	David	12/15/2007 0:00	david@graphicdesigninstitute.com	4	"A little on the heavy side, but overall the entry/exit is easy in all conditions. I've used these pedals for more than 3 years and I've never had a problem. Cleanup is easy. Mud and sand don't get trapped. I would like  them even better if there was a weight reduction. Maybe in the next design. Still, I would recommend them to a friend."
3	937	Jill	12/17/2007 0:00	jill@margiestravel.com	2	"Maybe it's just because I'm new to mountain biking, but I had a terrible time getting use to these pedals. In my first outing, I wiped out trying to release my foot. Any suggestions on ways I can adjust the pedals, or is it just a learning curve thing?"
4	798	Laura Norman	12/17/2007 0:00	laura@treyresearch.net	5	"The Road-550-W from Adventure Works Cycles is everything it's advertised to be. Finally, a quality bike that is actually built for a woman and provides control and comfort in one neat package. The top tube is shorter, the suspension is weight-tuned and there's a much shorter reach to the brake levers. All this adds up to a great mountain bike that is sure to accommodate any woman's anatomy. In addition to getting the size right, the saddle is incredibly comfortable.  Attention to detail is apparent in every aspect from the frame finish to the careful design of each component. Each component is a solid performer without any fluff.  The designers clearly did their homework and thought about size, weight, and funtionality throughout. And at less than 19 pounds, the bike is manageable for even the most petite cyclist. "
